Document RoslynCompilerType (#45802)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/project-sdk/msbuild-props.md

### BuildWithNetFrameworkHostedCompiler

> Specifying `BuildWithNetFrameworkHostedCompiler=true` is the equivalent of specifying `RoslynCompilerType=FrameworkPackage`, see below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifying `BuildWithNetFrameworkHostedCompiler=true` is the equivalent of specifying `RoslynCompilerType=FrameworkPackage`. For more information, see [RoslynCompilerType](#roslyncompilertype).
```

Specifying `BuildWithNetFrameworkHostedCompiler=false` ensures the automatic opt in to `RoslynCompilerType=FrameworkPackage` does not happen.
If `RoslynCompilerType` is specified explicitly, `BuildWithNetFrameworkHostedCompiler` has no effect.

### RoslynCompilerType

> The `RoslynCompilerType` property controls version of C#/VB compiler. These values are recognized:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `RoslynCompilerType` property controls the version of the C# or Visual Basic compiler. The following values are recognized:
```
